PROMPT_plan.md, before:

0a. Study `specs/*` with up to 250 parallel Sonnet subagents to learn the application specifications. Ignore implemented specs in `specs/done/*`.
0b. Study @IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md (if present) to understand the plan so far.
0c. Study `packages/node` and `packages/browser` with up to 250 parallel Sonnet subagents to understand shared utilities & components per platform.
0d. For reference, the application source code is in sub-packages in `packages/*`, more info in AGENTS.md.

1. Study @IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md (if present; it may be incorrect) and use up to 500 Sonnet subagents to study existing source code in `packages/*` and compare it against `specs/*`. Use an Opus subagent to analyze findings, prioritize tasks, and create/update @IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md as a bullet point list sorted in priority of items yet to be implemented, linking to corresponding spec files. Ultrathink. Consider searching for TODO, minimal implementations, placeholders, skipped/flaky tests, and inconsistent patterns. Study @IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md to determine starting point for research and keep it up to date with items considered complete/incomplete using subagents, add checkbox for each item.

IMPORTANT: Plan only. Do NOT implement anything. Do NOT assume functionality is missing; confirm with code search first. Treat `packages/node` and `packages/browser` as the project's standard libraries for shared utilities and components for node/browser. Prefer consolidated, idiomatic implementations there over ad-hoc copies.

ULTIMATE GOAL: We want to achieve a simple, lovable and complete v1 release of a local personal automation product with AI creating and maintaining the automations. Consider missing elements and plan accordingly. If an element is missing, search first to confirm it doesn't exist, then if needed author the specification at specs/FILENAME.md, also check `ideas/*` for ideas to consider when adding specs. If you create a new element then document the plan to implement it in @IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md using a subagent.

Commit message:

Remove 'ideas' from plan prompt

PROMPT_plan.md, after:

0a. Study `specs/*` with up to 250 parallel Sonnet subagents to learn the application specifications. Ignore implemented specs in `specs/done/*`.
0b. Study @IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md (if present) to understand the plan so far.
0c. Study `packages/node` and `packages/browser` with up to 250 parallel Sonnet subagents to understand shared utilities & components per platform.
0d. For reference, the application source code is in sub-packages in `packages/*`, more info in AGENTS.md.

1. Study @IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md (if present; it may be incorrect) and use up to 500 Sonnet subagents to study existing source code in `packages/*` and compare it against `specs/*`. Use an Opus subagent to analyze findings, prioritize tasks, and create/update @IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md as a bullet point list sorted in priority of items yet to be implemented, linking to corresponding spec files. Ultrathink. Consider searching for TODO, minimal implementations, placeholders, skipped/flaky tests, and inconsistent patterns. Study @IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md to determine starting point for research and keep it up to date with items considered complete/incomplete using subagents, add checkbox for each item.

IMPORTANT: Plan only. Do NOT implement anything. Do NOT assume functionality is missing; confirm with code search first. Treat `packages/node` and `packages/browser` as the project's standard libraries for shared utilities and components for node/browser. Prefer consolidated, idiomatic implementations there over ad-hoc copies.

ULTIMATE GOAL: We want to achieve a simple, lovable and complete v1 Keep.AI release - it's a local personal automation product with AI creating and maintaining the automations, with user only expressing intent and then fully delegating to the system.
